h1. JBoss AS Puppet Module

"soluvas/puppet-jbossas Project on GitHub":https://github.com/soluvas/puppet-jbossas

h2. Installation

1. Clone from git: @git://github.com/soluvas/puppet-jbossas.git@
2. Make a symlink in @/etc/puppet/modules/jbossas@ -> @/home/ceefour/git/puppet-jbossas@

h2. Dependencies

h3. curl package

You need to have @curl@ installed:

bc. package { curl: ensure => installed }

h2. Usage

Typical production settings:

bc. 
class { jbossas:
	bind_address => '0.0.0.0'
}
service { jboss-as:
	enable => true,
	ensure => running,
	require => Class['jbossas']
}

Typical development settings:

bc. 
class { jbossas: }
service { jboss-as:
	enable => true,
	ensure => running,
	require => Class['jbossas']
}

Available parameters and their default values:

* @version@ = '7.1.0.Final'
* @mirror_url@ = 'http://download.jboss.org/jbossas/7.1/jboss-as-7.1.0.Final/'
* @bind_address@ = '127.0.0.1'
* @http_port@ = 8080
* @https_port@ = 8443

You can use your own mirror, can be HTTP, FTP, filesystem, or anything supported by @curl@:

bc. class { jbossas:
	mirror_url => 'file:///home/ceefour/Public/'
}

Recommended configuration for Soluvas & Bippo:

bc. class { jbossas:
	http_port => 9080,
	https_port => 9443
}

h2. Virtual Server

Example:

bc. jbossas::virtual_server { satukancinta:
	default_web_module => 'satukancinta-web',
	aliases => ['satukancinta.dev', 'www.satukancinta.dev'],
	ensure => 'present'
}

Note that you still need to have @WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml@ in your webapp containing:

bc. <jboss-web>
	<virtual-host>satukancinta</virtual-host>
</jboss-web>
